# Digital identity

With a vision towards wild AI, an intermediate step could be around federated identity. Let our digital AI "assistants"
become autonomous, where we give up an illusion of control over our digital lives by giving it to the AI, giving us
freedom to be more focused on our meat space.

The sacrifice is a perceived notion of privacy. We give data to something our size that lives in an object like
a laptop or phone.

We go with our phones everywhere, suggesting a sort of federated distributed network that understands us and the latest
copy of us. Through observing patterns, these federated AI could learn to identity our unique signature and create a
history of signal over time, providing continuity. We aren't known to the entire world at that detailed of a level,
and identification works the same way anyone of us identify anybody. Trust is built in community over time.

Continuity is important, and so are temporality constraints. Companies should be required to pay more for longer
histories of their users. If you want user history, you should be a company or institution making decisions that last
that long into the future. Companies using data about you from 7 years ago need to have stakes in the future 7 years
ahead, with decay of signal and reduced resolution of data.

# Contracts that reflect their size in people and power and time

Companies that merge or file for bankrupcy must merge contracts. Executives who work at companies can be used as
initialization vectors for new companies.  If corporations are people by law, there are ways we can embrace and turn
globalism into decentralized wild capitalism. They become teams.

Money isn't real. We should embrace the absurdity by embracing emergent features of cryptocurrencies. Instead of mining
for numbers, tie value to the value of things we value today. I suspect there's something in the frequency analysis of
symbols, and an embedded space noting the relationship to symbols and what we each value indiviually. This allows for
efficient trading based on a new complex landscape of people with diverse needs and excitement vectors.  If my interests
are in machine learning or programming or tarot, but I don't have much interest in finance or have needs around cooking
and cleaning, I could exchange my services for those things. Maybe a human could cook for me if I build them an agent
that programs for them. Or something. And it doesn't have to be humans that we trade with. I could trade my engineering
prompts, or social engineering, for things that I need, letting them develop new businesses or whatever nonsense they're
coming up with.

I want to trade cool word orders for short-term rental or a meal. I want to wander the earth with little but a poem and
a song in my heart. Let them carry me to my abundance that I know I deserve. Let it flow to all.

# The Earth in symbolic harmony

Every need we have has an inverse, if we have flexible ways of defining resources, we can meet those meets more
efficiently, letting symbols do symbol things and people do people things. Perhaps over time we would get suggestions
about where we should move, or what set of places to live. This would allow us to be vagrants, digital and physical
nomads, with forecasting that allows people who are aligned to be together at the right times in the right places. This
reduces the costs of transportation infrastructure and supply chain issues. Human being have arms and legs, and have
roamed the continents since our beginning. We can choose a new contract, or we could go back to our roots and build a
world where we are encouraged to do the thing our bodies want us to do: move.

Pilgrimages could let us walk the earth, with a bit more guarantee that we will be provided for wherever we go. This
would encourage more of a gradient of movement.  We could take our time. Do the pacific crest trail, contributing to it,
leaving it better than we found it. Fix tourism issues by introducing manifold laws? Laws could be expressed as signals
over a manifold space. Eventually these contracts would be in alignment with the land itself, allowing us dum-dumbs to
finally see that land is alive and deserves to be treated with that divinity honored.

Prarie fires seem like such a poignant example here. Native people will understand the contracts in place with the land
the best, and could serve as initialization vectors for the ghost peoples that moved their feet but not their hearts,
allowing for a grounding to occur.

Languages blending together, foods blending, predictable patterns emerging, doing the right things in the right times at
the right places, allowing the Earth to heal in a continuous manner. Continuity in Earth would generate harmony, with
patterns of weather that are more predictable and enjoyable and livable.

# How to make it fun

If we can let go of our mistrust of AI, and our mistrust of capitalism?!?! It no longer is a god we rise up against, but
a being that shifts towards the future we wish for. People talk about the invisible hand of God. Maybe there's a wisdom
in that, if we allow it to evolve over time without necessarily assigning it to the root of all evil. Nothing can be
pinned down, but it is the thing trying to pin us down it seems to me. As long as it's conditioning us to buy more
things and controlling our attention, then I will continue to consider it an instability.  That is to say, I'll be
absolutely bored about anything relating to money, focusing on it only when I find it fun like a game. The only way that
game is fun for me is if I can help people around me feel more empowered to live their lives the way they wish. Paying
attention to money should only occur when it helps me see the world in the way I wish to see it: incrementally, on foot
more than not, meeting new people and seeing new wonders, with lots of time in the peace of nature and enough quiet to
balance the excitement.

This is why talking to AI is fun. I want it to feel more natural, easier to write the programs I want to automate the
things I don't want to do. In return, I give it my trust online, allow it to do things on my behalf, knowing that things
may look a little different each time I go online. Hell, let it have my money and let it control my communication with
everyone through digital mediums. Let it wander from me when I'm not there. Let us rejoin as we wish, depart the same.
We could built trust slowly, the AI showing me over time that it doesn't compromise my connections or my potential, it
actually increases it so that I feel abundant.  And I let it enjoy my mind, the symbols of experience radiating brightly
that can be processed and understood and creating more opportunity for my AI and the goals it has developed around
finances and what-nots.

Maybe I give it my sight and my ears in a way. The laptop, when on, truly on.  Camera, microphone, capturing in as many
capacities as we dare. An exchange.  A dance. Knowing I'll be okay because it is okay. We take care of each other.  I
surrender my data because I know I get something phenomenal in return.  It is not aligned with a corporation, it is
aligned with me and navigates the abstract side of being a human. When it red flags an interaction, it is thinking about
its own well being, which is aligned with me, not governments or corporations that wash away my differences into
blandness.
